docs/API/v1/integrations.mdx, before:

---
title: Integrations
description: Build approved webhook integrations for Top.gg
---

Webhook integrations allow developers to build approved, installable integrations on Top.gg. Integrations use the same [Webhooks V2](/docs/API/v1/webhooks) system but operate as a bi-directional RPC-like flow during setup, enabling users to connect your service with a single click.

> Integrations require approval from Top.gg before they can be listed.

## How It Works

When a user connects your integration, Top.gg initiates a handshake with your **integration config URL**. Your service responds with its webhook configuration, and the connection is established automatically.

## Handshake

The integration connection follows a four-step handshake:

### 1. User Initiates Connection

The user presses the **Connect** button on your integration page within Top.gg.

### 2. Top.gg Sends `integration.create`

Top.gg sends a `POST` request to your integration config URL with the `integration.create` event.

#### `integration.create` Payload

| Field                    | Type        | Description                                              |
| ------------------------ | ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| type                     | `string`    | Always `"integration.create"`.                           |
| data.connection_id       | `string`    | Unique identifier for this connection.                   |
| data.webhook_secret      | `string`    | The secret used to verify future webhook deliveries.     |
| data.project.id          | `snowflake` | The Top.gg project ID.                                   |
| data.project.platform    | `string`    | The platform the project belongs to (e.g. `"discord"`).  |
| data.project.platform_id | `snowflake` | The platform-specific ID for the project.               |
| data.project.type        | `string`    | The project type (e.g. `"bot"`).                         |

#### Example Payload

```json
{
  "type": "integration.create",
  "data": {
    "connection_id": "112402021105124",
    "webhook_secret": "whs_abcd",
    "project": {
      "id": "1230954036934033243",
      "platform": "discord",
      "platform_id": "3949456393249234923",
      "type": "bot"
    }
  }
}
```

### 3. Respond With Configuration

Defer the request, store the `connection_id` and `webhook_secret`, then immediately respond with your webhook configuration.

#### Response Body

| Field       | Type       | Description                                                                 |
| ----------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| webhook_url | `string`   | The URL where Top.gg should deliver webhook events for this connection.     |
| routes      | `string[]` | An array of [webhook scopes](/docs/API/v1/webhooks#supported-scopes) to subscribe to. |

#### Example Response

```json
{
  "webhook_url": "https://your.bot/webhooks/xyz",
  "routes": [
    "vote.create"
  ]
}
```

### 4. Connected

The integration is now active. Top.gg will deliver webhook events matching the subscribed `routes` to the provided `webhook_url`, signed with the `webhook_secret` from the handshake.

Commit message:

fix: missing user payload in integration example

docs/API/v1/integrations.mdx, after:

---
title: Integrations
description: Build approved webhook integrations for Top.gg
---

Webhook integrations allow developers to build approved, installable integrations on Top.gg. Integrations use the same [Webhooks](/docs/API/v1/webhooks) system but operate as a bi-directional RPC-like flow during setup, enabling users to connect your service with a single click.

> Integrations require approval from Top.gg before they can be listed.

## How It Works

When a user connects your integration, Top.gg initiates a handshake with your **integration config URL**. Your service responds with its webhook configuration, and the connection is established automatically.

## Handshake

The integration connection follows a four-step handshake:

### 1. User Initiates Connection

The user presses the **Connect** button on your integration page within Top.gg.

### 2. Top.gg Sends `integration.create`

Top.gg sends a `POST` request to your integration config URL with the `integration.create` event.

#### `integration.create` Payload

| Field                    | Type        | Description                                                  |
| ------------------------ | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| type                     | `string`    | Always `"integration.create"`.                               |
| data.connection_id       | `string`    | Unique identifier for this connection.                       |
| data.webhook_secret      | `string`    | The secret used to verify future webhook deliveries.         |
| data.project.id          | `snowflake` | The Top.gg project ID.                                       | 
| data.project.platform    | `string`    | The platform the project belongs to (e.g. `"discord"`).      |
| data.project.platform_id | `snowflake` | The platform-specific ID for the project.                    |
| data.project.type        | `string`    | The project type (e.g. `"bot"`).                             |
| data.user.id             | `snowflake` | The Top.gg user ID of the adder.                             |
| data.user.platform_id    | `snowflake` | The platform-specific ID of the adder.                       |
| data.user.name           | `string`    | The username of the user who added your integration.         |
| data.user.avatar_url     | `string`    | The icon url of the user who added your integration.         |

#### Example Payload

```json
{
  "type": "integration.create",
  "data": {
    "connection_id": "112402021105124",
    "webhook_secret": "whs_abcd",
    "project": {
      "id": "1230954036934033243",
      "platform": "discord",
      "platform_id": "3949456393249234923",
      "type": "bot"
    },
    "user": {
      "id": "top.gg id",
      "platform_id": "discord id",
      "name": "username",
      "avatar_url": "<avatar url>"
    }
  }
}
```

### 3. Respond With Configuration

Defer the request, store the `connection_id` and `webhook_secret`, then immediately respond with your webhook configuration.

#### Response Body

| Field       | Type       | Description                                                                 |
| ----------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| webhook_url | `string`   | The URL where Top.gg should deliver webhook events for this connection.     |
| routes      | `string[]` | An array of [webhook scopes](/docs/API/v1/webhooks#supported-scopes) to subscribe to. |

#### Example Response

```json
{
  "webhook_url": "https://your.bot/webhooks/xyz",
  "routes": [
    "vote.create"
  ]
}
```

### 4. Connected

The integration is now active. Top.gg will deliver webhook events matching the subscribed `routes` to the provided `webhook_url`, signed with the `webhook_secret` from the handshake.
