content/api/bot.mdx, before:

---
title: Bots
description: API resource for a bots or apps on a platform like Discord
---

import HTTPHeader from "@components/HTTPHeader";

> Bot endpoints are subject to [stricter rate limits](/resources/ratelimits#resource-specific-ratelimits) than others.

## Search Bots

<HTTPHeader type="GET" path="bots" />

Gets a list of bots that match a specific query.

### Query String Parameters

| Field  | Type     | Description                                                    | Default    |
| ------ | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| limit  | `number` | The amount of bots to return. Max. 500                         | 50         |
| offset | `number` | Amount of bots to skip                                         | 0          |
| search | `string` | A search string in the format of `field: value field2: value2` |            |
| sort   | `string` | The field to sort by. Prefix with - to reverse the order       |            |
| fields | `string` | A comma separated list of fields to show                       | All fields |

### Response Fields

| Field   | Type                      | Description                                   |
| ------- | ------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| results | [`Bot[]`](#bot-structure) | The matching bots                             |
| limit   | `number`                  | The limit used                                |
| offset  | `number`                  | The offset used                               |
| count   | `number`                  | The length of the results array               |
| total   | `number`                  | The total number of bots matching your search |

```json:title=/bots?search%3DLuca
{
  "results": [
    {
      "defAvatar": "6debd47ed13483642cf09e832ed0bc1b",
      "invite": "",
      "website": "https://discordbots.org",
      "support": "KYZsaFb",
      "github": "https://github.com/DiscordBotList/Luca",
      "longdesc": "Luca only works in the **Discord Bot List** server.    \r\nPrepend commands with the prefix `-` or `@Luca#1375`.    \r\n**Please refrain from using these commands in non testing channels.**\r\n- `botinfo @bot` Shows bot info, title redirects to site listing.\r\n- `bots @user`* Shows all bots of that user, includes bots in the queue.\r\n- `owner / -owners @bot`* Shows all owners of that bot.\r\n- `prefix @bot`* Shows the prefix of that bot.\r\n* Mobile friendly version exists. Just add `noembed` to the end of the command.\r\n",
      "shortdesc": "Luca is a bot for managing and informing members of the server",
      "prefix": "- or @Luca#1375",
      "lib": "discord.js",
      "clientid": "264811613708746752",
      "avatar": "7edcc4c6fbb0b23762455ca139f0e1c9",
      "id": "264811613708746752",
      "discriminator": "1375",
      "username": "Luca",
      "date": "2017-04-26T18:08:17.125Z",
      "server_count": 2,
      "guilds": ["417723229721853963", "264445053596991498"],
      "shards": [],
      "monthlyPoints": 19,
      "points": 397,
      "certifiedBot": false,
      "owners": ["129908908096487424"],
      "tags": ["Moderation", "Role Management", "Logging"],
      "donatebotguildid": ""
    }
  ],
  "limit": 1,
  "offset": 0,
  "count": 1,
  "total": 7
}
```

## Find One Bot

<HTTPHeader type="GET" path="bots/:bot_id" />

Finds a single bot

### Example Response

[`Bot`](/api/bot/#example-structure) **or** 404

## Last 1000 Votes

<HTTPHeader type="GET" path="bots/:bot_id/votes" />

Gets the last 1000 voters for your bot.

> If your bot receives more than 1000 votes monthly you cannot use this endpoints and must use `webhooks` and implement your own caching instead.

This example uses Luca but users are restricted to only receiving their own bots' votes. Replace the id with your own bot.

### Example Response

```json:title=/bots/1234/votes
[
  {
    "username": "Xetera",
    "id": "140862798832861184",
    "avatar": "a_1241439d430def25c100dd28add2d42f"
  }
]
```

## Bot stats

<HTTPHeader type="GET" path="bots/:bot_id/stats" />

Specific stats about a bot.

### Response

| Field         | Type       | Description                                                                    |
| ------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| server_count? | `number`   | The amount of servers the bot is in                                            |
| shards        | `string[]` | The amount of servers the bot is in per shard. Always present but can be empty |
| shard_count?  | `number`   | The amount of shards a bot has                                                 |

## Individual User Vote

<HTTPHeader type="GET" path="bots/:bot_id/check" />

Checking whether or not a user has voted for your bot. Safe to use even if you have over 1k monthly votes.

### Params

| Field  | Type        | Description       |
| ------ | ----------- | ----------------- |
| userId | `snowflake` | User's Discord ID |

### Example Response

```json:title=/bots/9876/check?userId%3D1234
{
  "voted": 1
}
```

## Post Stats

<HTTPHeader type="POST" path="bots/:bot_id/stats" />

### Post Body

| Field        | Type                   | Description                                                                                       | Required |
| ------------ | ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| server_count | `number` \| `number[]` | Amount of servers the bot is in. If an Array, it acts like shards                                 | ✔️       |
| shards       | `number[]`             | Amount of servers the bot is in per shard.                                                        | ❌       |
| shard_id     | `number`               | The zero-indexed id of the shard posting. Makes server_count set the shard specific server count. | ❌       |
| shard_count  | `number`               | The amount of shards the bot has.                                                                 | ❌       |

## Bot Structure

| Field            | Type          | Description                                                                   |
| ---------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id               | `string`      | The id of the bot                                                             |
| username         | `string`      | The username of the bot                                                       |
| discriminator    | `string`      | The discriminator of the bot                                                  |
| avatar?          | `string`      | The avatar hash of the bot's avatar                                           |
| defAvatar        | `string`      | The cdn hash of the bot's avatar if the bot has none                          |
| lib <deprecated/>| `string`      | The library of the bot                                                        | 
| prefix           | `string`      | The prefix of the bot                                                         |
| shortdesc        | `string`      | The short description of the bot                                              |
| longdesc?        | `string`      | The long description of the bot. Can contain HTML and/or Markdown             |
| tags             | `string[]`    | The tags of the bot                                                           |
| website?         | `string`      | The website url of the bot                                                    |
| support?         | `string`      | The support server invite code of the bot                                     |
| github?          | `string`      | The link to the github repo of the bot                                        |
| owners           | `snowflake[]` | of Snowflakes The owners of the bot. First one in the array is the main owner |
| guilds           | `snowflake[]` | of Snowflakes The guilds featured on the bot page                             |
| invite?          | `string`      | The custom bot invite url of the bot                                          |
| date             | `datestring`  | The date when the bot was approved                                            |
| server_count?    | `number`      | The amount of servers the bot has according to posted stats.                  |
| shard_count?     | `number`      | The amount of shards the bot has according to posted stats.                   |
| certifiedBot     | `boolean`     | The certified status of the bot                                               |
| vanity?          | `string`      | The vanity url of the bot                                                     |
| points           | `number`      | The amount of upvotes the bot has                                             |
| monthlyPoints    | `number`      | The amount of upvotes the bot has this month                                  |
| donatebotguildid | `string`      | The guild id for the donatebot setup                                          |

### Example Structure

```json
{
  "defAvatar": "6debd47ed13483642cf09e832ed0bc1b",
  "invite": "",
  "website": "https://discordbots.org",
  "support": "KYZsaFb",
  "github": "https://github.com/DiscordBotList/Luca",
  "longdesc": "Luca only works in the **Discord Bot List** server.    \r\nPrepend commands with the prefix `-` or `@Luca#1375`.    \r\n**Please refrain from using these commands in non testing channels.**\r\n- `botinfo @bot` Shows bot info, title redirects to site listing.\r\n- `bots @user`* Shows all bots of that user, includes bots in the queue.\r\n- `owner / -owners @bot`* Shows all owners of that bot.\r\n- `prefix @bot`* Shows the prefix of that bot.\r\n* Mobile friendly version exists. Just add `noembed` to the end of the command.\r\n",
  "shortdesc": "Luca is a bot for managing and informing members of the server",
  "prefix": "- or @Luca#1375",
  "lib": "discord.js",
  "clientid": "264811613708746752",
  "avatar": "7edcc4c6fbb0b23762455ca139f0e1c9",
  "id": "264811613708746752",
  "discriminator": "1375",
  "username": "Luca",
  "date": "2017-04-26T18:08:17.125Z",
  "server_count": 2,
  "shard_count": 1,
  "guilds": ["417723229721853963", "264445053596991498"],
  "shards": [],
  "monthlyPoints": 19,
  "points": 397,
  "certifiedBot": false,
  "owners": ["129908908096487424"],
  "tags": ["Moderation", "Role Management", "Logging"],
  "donatebotguildid": ""
}
```

Commit message:

Include information regarding double votes on /votes endpoint (#66)
* Update bot.mdx

* Update bot.mdx

content/api/bot.mdx, after:

---
title: Bots
description: API resource for a bots or apps on a platform like Discord
---

import HTTPHeader from "@components/HTTPHeader";

> Bot endpoints are subject to [stricter rate limits](/resources/ratelimits#resource-specific-ratelimits) than others.

## Search Bots

<HTTPHeader type="GET" path="bots" />

Gets a list of bots that match a specific query.

### Query String Parameters

| Field  | Type     | Description                                                    | Default    |
| ------ | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| limit  | `number` | The amount of bots to return. Max. 500                         | 50         |
| offset | `number` | Amount of bots to skip                                         | 0          |
| search | `string` | A search string in the format of `field: value field2: value2` |            |
| sort   | `string` | The field to sort by. Prefix with - to reverse the order       |            |
| fields | `string` | A comma separated list of fields to show                       | All fields |

### Response Fields

| Field   | Type                      | Description                                   |
| ------- | ------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| results | [`Bot[]`](#bot-structure) | The matching bots                             |
| limit   | `number`                  | The limit used                                |
| offset  | `number`                  | The offset used                               |
| count   | `number`                  | The length of the results array               |
| total   | `number`                  | The total number of bots matching your search |

```json:title=/bots?search%3DLuca
{
  "results": [
    {
      "defAvatar": "6debd47ed13483642cf09e832ed0bc1b",
      "invite": "",
      "website": "https://discordbots.org",
      "support": "KYZsaFb",
      "github": "https://github.com/DiscordBotList/Luca",
      "longdesc": "Luca only works in the **Discord Bot List** server.    \r\nPrepend commands with the prefix `-` or `@Luca#1375`.    \r\n**Please refrain from using these commands in non testing channels.**\r\n- `botinfo @bot` Shows bot info, title redirects to site listing.\r\n- `bots @user`* Shows all bots of that user, includes bots in the queue.\r\n- `owner / -owners @bot`* Shows all owners of that bot.\r\n- `prefix @bot`* Shows the prefix of that bot.\r\n* Mobile friendly version exists. Just add `noembed` to the end of the command.\r\n",
      "shortdesc": "Luca is a bot for managing and informing members of the server",
      "prefix": "- or @Luca#1375",
      "lib": "discord.js",
      "clientid": "264811613708746752",
      "avatar": "7edcc4c6fbb0b23762455ca139f0e1c9",
      "id": "264811613708746752",
      "discriminator": "1375",
      "username": "Luca",
      "date": "2017-04-26T18:08:17.125Z",
      "server_count": 2,
      "guilds": ["417723229721853963", "264445053596991498"],
      "shards": [],
      "monthlyPoints": 19,
      "points": 397,
      "certifiedBot": false,
      "owners": ["129908908096487424"],
      "tags": ["Moderation", "Role Management", "Logging"],
      "donatebotguildid": ""
    }
  ],
  "limit": 1,
  "offset": 0,
  "count": 1,
  "total": 7
}
```

## Find One Bot

<HTTPHeader type="GET" path="bots/:bot_id" />

Finds a single bot

### Example Response

[`Bot`](/api/bot/#example-structure) **or** 404

## Last 1000 Votes

<HTTPHeader type="GET" path="bots/:bot_id/votes" />

Gets the last 1000 voters for your bot.

> If your bot receives more than 1000 votes monthly you cannot use this endpoints and must use `webhooks` and implement your own caching instead.

> This endpoint only returns unique votes, it does not include double votes (weekend votes).

This example uses Luca but users are restricted to only receiving their own bots' votes. Replace the id with your own bot.

### Example Response

```json:title=/bots/1234/votes
[
  {
    "username": "Xetera",
    "id": "140862798832861184",
    "avatar": "a_1241439d430def25c100dd28add2d42f"
  }
]
```

## Bot stats

<HTTPHeader type="GET" path="bots/:bot_id/stats" />

Specific stats about a bot.

### Response

| Field         | Type       | Description                                                                    |
| ------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| server_count? | `number`   | The amount of servers the bot is in                                            |
| shards        | `string[]` | The amount of servers the bot is in per shard. Always present but can be empty |
| shard_count?  | `number`   | The amount of shards a bot has                                                 |

## Individual User Vote

<HTTPHeader type="GET" path="bots/:bot_id/check" />

Checking whether or not a user has voted for your bot. Safe to use even if you have over 1k monthly votes.

### Params

| Field  | Type        | Description       |
| ------ | ----------- | ----------------- |
| userId | `snowflake` | User's Discord ID |

### Example Response

```json:title=/bots/9876/check?userId%3D1234
{
  "voted": 1
}
```

## Post Stats

<HTTPHeader type="POST" path="bots/:bot_id/stats" />

### Post Body

| Field        | Type                   | Description                                                                                       | Required |
| ------------ | ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| server_count | `number` \| `number[]` | Amount of servers the bot is in. If an Array, it acts like shards                                 | ✔️       |
| shards       | `number[]`             | Amount of servers the bot is in per shard.                                                        | ❌       |
| shard_id     | `number`               | The zero-indexed id of the shard posting. Makes server_count set the shard specific server count. | ❌       |
| shard_count  | `number`               | The amount of shards the bot has.                                                                 | ❌       |

## Bot Structure

| Field            | Type          | Description                                                                   |
| ---------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id               | `string`      | The id of the bot                                                             |
| username         | `string`      | The username of the bot                                                       |
| discriminator    | `string`      | The discriminator of the bot                                                  |
| avatar?          | `string`      | The avatar hash of the bot's avatar                                           |
| defAvatar        | `string`      | The cdn hash of the bot's avatar if the bot has none                          |
| lib <deprecated/>| `string`      | The library of the bot                                                        | 
| prefix           | `string`      | The prefix of the bot                                                         |
| shortdesc        | `string`      | The short description of the bot                                              |
| longdesc?        | `string`      | The long description of the bot. Can contain HTML and/or Markdown             |
| tags             | `string[]`    | The tags of the bot                                                           |
| website?         | `string`      | The website url of the bot                                                    |
| support?         | `string`      | The support server invite code of the bot                                     |
| github?          | `string`      | The link to the github repo of the bot                                        |
| owners           | `snowflake[]` | of Snowflakes The owners of the bot. First one in the array is the main owner |
| guilds           | `snowflake[]` | of Snowflakes The guilds featured on the bot page                             |
| invite?          | `string`      | The custom bot invite url of the bot                                          |
| date             | `datestring`  | The date when the bot was approved                                            |
| server_count?    | `number`      | The amount of servers the bot has according to posted stats.                  |
| shard_count?     | `number`      | The amount of shards the bot has according to posted stats.                   |
| certifiedBot     | `boolean`     | The certified status of the bot                                               |
| vanity?          | `string`      | The vanity url of the bot                                                     |
| points           | `number`      | The amount of upvotes the bot has                                             |
| monthlyPoints    | `number`      | The amount of upvotes the bot has this month                                  |
| donatebotguildid | `string`      | The guild id for the donatebot setup                                          |

### Example Structure

```json
{
  "defAvatar": "6debd47ed13483642cf09e832ed0bc1b",
  "invite": "",
  "website": "https://discordbots.org",
  "support": "KYZsaFb",
  "github": "https://github.com/DiscordBotList/Luca",
  "longdesc": "Luca only works in the **Discord Bot List** server.    \r\nPrepend commands with the prefix `-` or `@Luca#1375`.    \r\n**Please refrain from using these commands in non testing channels.**\r\n- `botinfo @bot` Shows bot info, title redirects to site listing.\r\n- `bots @user`* Shows all bots of that user, includes bots in the queue.\r\n- `owner / -owners @bot`* Shows all owners of that bot.\r\n- `prefix @bot`* Shows the prefix of that bot.\r\n* Mobile friendly version exists. Just add `noembed` to the end of the command.\r\n",
  "shortdesc": "Luca is a bot for managing and informing members of the server",
  "prefix": "- or @Luca#1375",
  "lib": "discord.js",
  "clientid": "264811613708746752",
  "avatar": "7edcc4c6fbb0b23762455ca139f0e1c9",
  "id": "264811613708746752",
  "discriminator": "1375",
  "username": "Luca",
  "date": "2017-04-26T18:08:17.125Z",
  "server_count": 2,
  "shard_count": 1,
  "guilds": ["417723229721853963", "264445053596991498"],
  "shards": [],
  "monthlyPoints": 19,
  "points": 397,
  "certifiedBot": false,
  "owners": ["129908908096487424"],
  "tags": ["Moderation", "Role Management", "Logging"],
  "donatebotguildid": ""
}
```
